fix(#19386): fix cli schema apply display colors (#20792)
directus/directus: .changeset/modern-llamas-act.md

---
'@directus/api': patch
---

> fixed issue #19386 by making the cli's 
> `schema apply command output more visible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensured the CLI's `schema apply` command output is better visible across different terminals / color schemes
```
